Bump version & update changelog (#190)
svix/svix-libs: ChangeLog.md

# Changelog

## Version 0.40.0

> * All: Support for `payload_content_ttl` in message api. 🆕

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All: Support for `payload_retention_period` in message api. 🆕
```

> * All: Support for `payload_retention_period` in message api. 🆕

Author: ```suggestion
* All: Support for `payload_retention_period` in message API. 🆕
```
